DNS token doc updates (#19592)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/acl/tokens/index.mdx

| [`acl.tokens.default`](/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#acl_tokens_default)                       | `OPTIONAL` | `OPTIONAL` | Specifies a default token to use for client requests if no token is supplied. This is commonly configured with read-only access to services to enable DNS service discovery on agents.                                                            |
| [`acl.tokens.replication`](/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#acl_tokens_replication)               | `OPTIONAL` | `N/A`      | Used to authorize secondary datacenters with the primary datacenter for replication operations.                                                                                                                                                   |
| [`acl.tokens.config_file_service_registration`](/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#acl_tokens_config_file_service_registration) | `OPTIONAL` | `OPTIONAL` | Used to register services and checks from service and check definitions specified in configuration files or fragments passed to the agent using the `-hcl` flag.                                                      |

> | [`acl.tokens.dns`](/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#acl_tokens_dns)                               | `OPTIONAL` | `OPTIONAL` | Used by the agent to answer DNS queries about services and nodes.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`acl.tokens.dns`](/consul/docs/agent/config/config-files#acl_tokens_dns)                               | `OPTIONAL` | `OPTIONAL` | Enables the agent to answer DNS queries about services and nodes.                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
